Q1 When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A1 A remote repository makes sense if the files will be accessed from multiple different
computers or devices. It would be useful for development teams, remote workers, and 
even accessing files from libraries and internet cafes while backpacking across Europe. 
Additionally, the remote repository provides file redundancy in the case of hardware 
failure on a local device. 

Q2 Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git 
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

A2 Pulling changes manually provides more control over which branch of code I have to work
with on my local computer. If I am part of a development team, the most recent commits on 
the remote repository might be code sections, files, or branches that another member of the
team has been working on rather than the code relevent to my current development work. 

Q3 Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one 
instead of another?

A3 A fork is a clone that GitHub creates for you on their servers. It incorporates tracking
and other metadata about the source of the repository and reflects how many times a 
specific repository has been cloned. Clones are copies of repositories that can be made 
on your local drive or on GitHub. Branches are logical splits in the commits of the files 
in a repository, and are used when you need to make changes to code without losing the 
master files.

Q4 What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

A4 It allows for quick and easy confirmation of whether you have made any local updates that 
are not yet reflected on the remote repository.

Q5 How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

A5 Without Git / GitHub, I might find myself having to use Google Docs or SharePoint to collaborate.
It might be a little bit more user-friendly of an interface, but it would be much harder to compare 
changes and track development branches. 

Q6 When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? 
What benefits does each approach have?

A6 Making changes in a separate branch allows changes to be made and tested without compromising
the integrity of the code in the master branch. This is useful for champion/challenger changes, 
untested code solutions, or collaborative work. 

 
